Edit of development section docs (#13247)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/guides/creating-interactive-workflows.md

    When you pass a `pydantic.BaseModel` class as the `wait_for_input` argument to `pause_flow_run` or `suspend_flow_run`, Prefect automatically creates a `RunInput` class with the same behavior as your `BaseModel` and uses that instead.

    `RunInput` classes contain extra logic that allows flows to send and receive them at runtime. You shouldn't notice any difference.

> Finally, for advanced use cases such as overriding how Prefect stores flow run inputs, create a `RunInput` class:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For advanced use cases such as overriding how Prefect stores flow run inputs, create a `RunInput` class:
```

        print(f"Hello, {name_input}!")
```

When you pass a type such as `str` into `receive_input`, Prefect creates a `RunInput` class to manage your input automatically. When a flow sends input of this type, Prefect uses the `RunInput` class to validate the input. If the validation succeeds, your flow receives the input in the type you specified. In this example, if the flow received a valid string as input, the variable `name_input` contains the string value.

If, instead, you pass a `BaseModel`, Prefect upgrades your `BaseModel` to a `RunInput` class, and the variable your flow sees &mdash; in this case, `name_input` &mdash; is a `RunInput` instance that behaves like a `BaseModel`. If you pass in a `RunInput` class, no upgrade is needed and you'll get a `RunInput` instance.

> A more basic approach is to pass types such as `str` into `receive_input` . If you need access to the generated `RunInput` that contains the received value, pass `with_metadata=True` to `receive_input`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A simpler approach is to pass types such as `str` into `receive_input` . If you need access to the generated `RunInput` that contains the received value, pass `with_metadata=True` to `receive_input`:
```

        print(greeting)
```

There's more going on here than in `greeter`, so here's a closer look at the pieces.

> First, `run_deployment` starts a `greeter` flow run. This requires a worker or `flow.serve()` running in a separate process. That process begins running `greeter` while `sender` continues to execute. Calling `run_deployment(..., timeout=0)` ensures that `sender` won't wait for the `greeter` flow run to complete, because it's running a loop and will only exit when sending `EXIT_SIGNAL`.

Author: 👍
